

make preferences where you candisable time out on certain pages. Will have to have a dynamic page list with all pages
buttons on screen to go to pages
make on screen keyboard work on iframe. look into pi on screen keyboard
double check preferences and how we check cookie if the client is new. one is checking client settings one is checking users




https://y3cws7bhzdpm0pas5q1r0m961a99pjga.ui.nabu.casa/auth/external/callback

964549927203-ivk2rbvethi1bs7fdpl483qk182jdorc.apps.googleusercontent.com

5P1P0FVUgxCWL5opbS2A70Hi

Project ID: ceb35c6e-b30b-4f03-872d-86aef0654a21

Client identifier:
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3140341/how-can-i-create-persistent-cookies-in-asp-net


For finding castables and casting objects
https://github.com/Tapanila/SharpCaster

Allow media upload. Have wrapper to view files in the saved folder and load each file type correctly. Such as load mp4 with video, txt with text editor.

AREA:
Create list of string for area. Make default values and ability to add own values.

SERVICE:

Add function when enabled or disable to remove devices from master list.


SCREEN INTERFACE:
part of device. Can assign themselves to already made user preferences if they loose cookies.
they have custome entities attached. such as name, 

Think of way to automate stuff like send text to screen interface or play audio. Ability to have screen groups

DEVICE

can have more than 1 entity

has a area

has device name

has font awesome icon

has device info

ENTITY

create list of entity

entity has name, icon, entity_ID, is_enabled, value

thermostat.temp is a entity

entity has font awesome icon string

CARDS

cards have mutliple types. Types are different UI html

cards can have more than one entity value.

Such as percentage which will use 2 entity values

Add cards to dashboard. Ability to switch from default to preferences.

cards have an order.

cards are based of classes





Make client settings and service settins on one page. Make them implement IUISaveable
When doing entities, make them properties that have attribute or with overrided get methods

make dashboard load cards after load with ajax partial view. make it show a loading symbol

set up toasts and make api wrapper for all ajax background requests: AreaSave, ClientSave
TODO show just raw file client settings and let javascript figure it out